the ticket to Brazil-2014 continues in
game for the mexican team víctor
Manuel Vucetich is the new helmsman and his
commitment to take the tri afloat
new strategist of the national team
it does not assure that in Mexico it will arrive
well but if you commit to do everything
possible for this to happen for
it focuses on calling players
that you think are in a better moment
such as rafael marquez or lucas lobos
while he has others in mind
as many as carlos vela guillermo ochoa
to those who certainly does not promise them the
ownership
when we know we are in a
uncomfortable situation a difficult situation
but precisely that is the slogan of
confidence to be able to
reverse this situation and of course
look for the pass the world cup can do in
Direct way can be in shape
hint
then you can not be sure what
we can assure that we are being what
best
all efforts at times we are
depending on a single game in these
instants
we have a certain disadvantage because of the goals
against more however there are full
trust in everything the body is
technical in the people that we are going to
to involve who are the players for
that we assume the same commitment with the
same seriousness
It's totally a challenge for everyone and it 's a
commitment to Mexican football
It's not for me to talk about what has
I know I have not been able to capitalize
the opportunities had been true
lack of control and at the end of the day that
absence of goal is what has
Mexican soccer
in an uncertainty with what we are
looking precisely for the elements that
give us greater certainty of production
important make up
in the scheme I think that I do not think that
today the world scheme are very few
what you have and what you do
you can have some variants in the
players that in a moment are going to
nominate
let's make a good choice now
determine the number of players that
it is considered enough elements
because it is necessary to observe see the
moments see the circumstances but the
rhythm everything that in a moment we
I can
detect in this first observation
so get the best conclusion too
because we have to also contribute what
better is such an important player
Elimination experience is important
no doubt more than what today
the most important thing is to have that
combination that they have the desire to
participate that they have that experience and
of course they go through a good
moment to be able to endure what is the
pressure the pace that today is
implement in world football
I think that will depend on
exactly how is each one or what is the
selection is for the best and yes
here there is better is that there are already better
here all are welcome
neither is it a possibility that
can enter for branch is an option if
the doors are open the externado
I can not guarantee anything to anyone in
that sense because I have to see them how
they are and I have to base myself on the basis
its performance
the plan of the
dialogue on the part of the federation that
it is at times they are the people who are
having that work situation
there is a base that is already good
established and on that basis we are going to
work for the people
good what we ask in these
moments I think that today we can not
have stop being a have the unit
in relation to what we need to qualify
and I think that together we are going to do
stronger if there is a break between
hobby and the team it is clear that the
moment can be seen diminished although
we have to work and prepare
the players for any
contingency and look for the moment of
Either way successfully overcome
very bad and gras